BookfaceTasks.md, before:

Completed Tasks:
	- github
	- express app
	- Authentication routes (login (get/post), register (get/post))
	- Authentication views login form, register form 
	- User views 
		- edit user form 
		- user profile
	- User routes 
		- edit (get)
		- profile (get)
		- new (register)
		- update (put)
		- delete 
	- Book routes
		- index (feed)
		- NEW
		- SHOW
		- DELETE 
		- EDIT
		- UPDATE
	- Book Views
		- new form
		- show 
		- edit form 
		- feed 
	Comment routes
		- CREATE
	- Comment views
		- comment listing on book SHOW
	- Auth middleware, pass user data to every route 
	- data validations for forms 
	- fix border error when book cover art is smaller than expected size
	- Refactor models and adjust routes accordingly 
	- move comment routes to their own route file 
	- Write middleware to prevent changes being made to books/profiles by users who do not own them (checkOwnership--)
	- refactor middleware 

Working On:
	- add flash notifications

Tasks To Do:
	- Seed database 
	- add ability to change password
	- when deleting an entity, delete all dependent entities as well
	- fix rating system in forms 
	- fix UI issues
		- book show page 
	- UI for landing page

Commit message:

adding dynamic book rating system

BookfaceTasks.md, after:

Completed Tasks:
	- github
	- express app
	- Authentication routes (login (get/post), register (get/post))
	- Authentication views login form, register form 
	- User views 
		- edit user form 
		- user profile
	- User routes 
		- edit (get)
		- profile (get)
		- new (register)
		- update (put)
		- delete 
	- Book routes
		- index (feed)
		- NEW
		- SHOW
		- DELETE 
		- EDIT
		- UPDATE
	- Book Views
		- new form
		- show 
		- edit form 
		- feed 
	Comment routes
		- CREATE
	- Comment views
		- comment listing on book SHOW
	- Auth middleware, pass user data to every route 
	- data validations for forms 
	- fix border error when book cover art is smaller than expected size
	- Refactor models and adjust routes accordingly 
	- move comment routes to their own route file 
	- Write middleware to prevent changes being made to books/profiles by users who do not own them (checkOwnership--)
	- refactor middleware 
	- add flash notifications
	- fix rating system in forms 

Working On:
	

Tasks To Do:
	- Seed database 
	- add ability to change password
	- when deleting an entity, delete all dependent entities as well
	- fix UI issues
		- book show page 
		- book edit/new page
	- UI for landing page
	- Delete option for comments 
	- Edit option for comments
